# Dapr Offline Installer
A standalone dapr installation for offline, air-gapped, or disconnected use-cases.

## Usage

The basic flow for using this package is as follows:

1. Pre-stage all dapr artifacts necessary for offline installation via `prestage.sh`
2. Deploy the **prestaged** directory generated by `prestage.sh` and `install.sh` to the desired host
3. Install dapr via `install.sh`

### Pre-Staging

The provided `prestage.sh` script bundles all artifacts necessary to install dapr in a disconnected environment. This includes dapr binaries, which will be downloaded from their respective dapr github repositories, docker images for the dapr placement service, redis, and zipkin - each pulled from their respective public docker image registries, and dapr component and configuration files located in this repository (see the **components** directory and `config.yaml`).

By default `prestage.sh` collects the latest dapr artifacts matching the executing host's architecture, but users may optionally provide arguments to collect artifacts for a specific dapr version and architecture.

``` bash
bash prestage.sh -a [ARCHITECTURE] -v [DAPR_VERSION]
```

Example:
``` bash
bash prestage.sh -a amd64 -v 1.5.0
```

Any argument not supplied will default to the host's architecture or the latest dapr release.

All artifacts will be placed in a newly created **prestaged** directory created at the location where `prestage.sh` was executed. This behavior can be modified by editing the directory in `prestage.sh` according to your needs.

## Installation

Once dapr artifacts have been collected via `prestage.sh`, dapr can be installed to a suitable host environment by transfering **prestaged** and `install.sh` to that host. By default, `install.sh` assumes the **prestaged** directory is present in the directory that `install.sh` is being executed from. However, that can be modified by editing the directory in `install.sh` to meet your needs.

Dapr may then be installed on that host, without any network connectivity, via:

``` bash
bash install.sh
```

## Supported Architectures

This package currently supports the following architectures:

```
aarch64
amd64
arm64
x86_64
```

## Supported Operating Systems

This package currently supports the following operating systems:

```
linux
```

## Issues and Feedback

Find something that isn't working quite right? Have a feature request? Please submit and issue and I'll see what I can do to address the concern.
